post-merge updates: contract size tutorial (#7486)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/downsizing-contracts-to-fight-the-contract-size-limit/index.md

This limit was introduced to prevent denial-of-service (DOS) attacks. Any call to a contract is relatively cheap gas-wise. However, the impact of a contract call for Ethereum nodes increases disproportionately depending on the called contract code's size (reading the code from disk, pre-processing the code, adding data to the Merkle proof). Whenever you have such a situation where the attacker requires few resources to cause a lot of work for others, you get the potential for DOS attacks.

> Originally this was less of a problem because one natural contract size limit is the block gas limit. Obviously, a contract must be deployed within a transaction that holds all of the contract's bytecode. If you include only that one transaction into a block, you can use up all that gas, but it's not infinite. Since EIP-1559, the block gas limit has been able to vary between 15M and 30M units depending on network demand.

Reviewer: AFAIK, the gas limit _increase_ was not directly a part of EIP-1559—we should refer to this as the London Upgrade
```suggestion
Originally this was less of a problem because one natural contract size limit is the block gas limit. Obviously, a contract must be deployed within a transaction that holds all of the contract's bytecode. If you include only that one transaction into a block, you can use up all that gas, but it's not infinite. Since the [London Upgrade](/history/#london), the block gas limit has been able to vary between 15M and 30M units depending on network demand.
```
